before we begin let me start by saying I
have been a bitter soul for years where
all my fault ghosts trying to come save
my soul that is because I'm Paul reading
it the stars of our movie today ah one
of the inspirations for this channel
that guy who always has to play some
badness that guy from Mamma Mia
god I love me some ABBA Smee janae and I
didn't even know he was in this movie
blade I'm Stewart begins with this dead
bit named Jacob Marley
maybe he overdosed on prunes or
something hell if I know but he's dead
on Christmas Eve that's the point but
we're really here to talk about the dead
bits business partner everybody's a
Scrooge he's a greedy old mofo case in
point
he has to pay to bury his dead bit buddy
but after he does he sees coins are
supposed to keep his dead bit but his
eyes closed and just takes him so he
basically didn't pay anything you follow
me greedy old mofo so seven years later
see I was right there
Scrooge's every bit as greedy old and
mofo as ever
his Paulding loosest and trying to wall
his hands on a damn cannon he's just
sitting over there hogging all the coal
and mr. Scrooge gets quite a few
visitors that night the first from his
nephew who's like why you gotta be such
a cranky turd Christmas is the only time
when people actually think about other
people are not hateful and vile
you act like this was Black Friday we
got all our gifts for 70% off now it's
time to be civil but scoops don't want
to go to Christmas dinner with his
nephew because look at him does it look
like he eats been screwed to get another
visit from this chubby who's like yes we
have the ridiculously rich feel bad that
we have way too much to eat all year and
so we figured hey maybe give the skinny
homeless just some grub for once
so we're accepting donations how much
you wanna give and screwed is like bit
I'm so greedy that I don't even feed
myself and temp is like but many people
might die if we don't throw them a
literal bone we'll get busy working or
get busy dying with the spirits on the
other side of like alrighty yes now you
just be insulted for salt safe so they
start hauling his mildewed behind it
starts with his own dead bit buddy
showing up and he's like Scrooge if
you don't change your ways you're gonna
die and walk the earth like me for all
eternity with long heavy chains wrapped
around your chestnuts summer send your
three ghosts to show you why y'all not
be a No More Rao one ghost of Christmas
past this low weirdo takes Scrooge to
all the wonderful places of his former
Christmases like his old school where he
was left for years with nobody to
celebrate Christmas with until his
sister came to get in one year and she
grew up and died and had one son which
is the same Sun that invited Scrooge to
dinner and Scrooge told him to shove it
up his stocking ah memories oh and don't
forget about your first Christmas party
where you fell in love with Forrest
Gump's woman only to get old and greedy
and have a dump you sorry ah memories
so after that screwed is fed up and he's
like big dog holiday thought then he
goes on a little rocket ride and wakes
up just in time for round two ghost of
Christmas present and this freak keeps
laughing about something and this trip
is loads of fun now Scrooge gets to see
his employee Bob as poor as dirt because
oh yes won't cough up some dough to help
a bit out and he finds out that Bob's
son Tiny Tim is probably gonna if we
don't get some better living conditions
and then Bob toast to mr. Scrooge and
Scrooge feels like an even bigger then
they go and CES is nephews party with
some people make fun of him for being an
act and the spirit just look at him like
burn and then they toast the Scrooge to
and make him feel like an even bigger
bird but now today is over so time for
the spirit to start Crypt Keeper frontin
just in time for round three ghost of
Christmas yet to come because ghost of
Christmas future just sounds wrong
this trip is lots of fun - Scrooge finds
out to China Jim dies and Bob is all
stuck by it and then he also finds out
that he dies which we all do eventually
so whatever but nobody really cares
because root wasn't his whole life
that's the sad scary part I think but he
s wakes up in his Christmas day and he's
like I'm alive
first time I changed my depends and now
I'm gonna go do some good he buys a
turkey for Bob's family he donates a
bunch of money to the poor skinny
[ __ ] and he goes to his nephews
dinner and his like
sorry how was a linden neck snake is
Baba raisin becomes like a second father
to Tiny Tim and quit bawling it a desi
is ridiculous this would never happen
you know what it is we sure like share
subscribe for regular fix of meth you
expect me to upload more videos whenever
I get my fall damn spirits to come to
save my soul until then I still probably
upload full movies explain fall I'm
James
Evan these are dials they're gold listen
to Andre couch le sing god bless us
everyone so I ain't the only monks in
here crying humbug